Update external support links (#153)
operaton/documentation: docs/documentation/user-guide/runtime-container-integration/tomcat.md

## JNDI Bindings

> To use the JNDI Bindings for Operaton Services on Apache Tomcat you have to add the file `META-INF/context.xml` to your process application and add the following ResourceLinks ([Tomcat 9](https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-9.0-doc/config/context.html#Resource_Links), [Tomcat 10.1](https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-10.1-doc/config/context.html#Resource_Links)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the JNDI Bindings for Operaton Services on Apache Tomcat you have to add the file `META-INF/context.xml` to your process application and add the following [ResourceLinks](https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-11.0-doc/config/context.html#Resource_Links):
```
